Archangel Michael let's talk about the
flavor of angelic energy for is it not a
contradiction that I am a protector of
might but at the same time an ethereal
and soft angel angels are buttery and
soft in essence but they are not soft in
power we float in and out of your
presence and we are many this is our
least understood aspect but we number in
the millions and can send that mini
known as legions to any one individual
on earth everyone has one guardian angel
with them at all times who is sent to
assist that is their service one only
needs ask for their assistance and they
can magnify their power just by your
asking for help if you are sensitive you
can feel us we literally can wrap our
wings around you and comfort you we can
snuggle with you and do often if you
sleep alone but feel an amazing loving
presence that is our wings in developing
you with love and a sense of well-being
we are task oriented and do best when we
have jobs again please assign us these
jobs jobs such as assistance with all of
your daily activities from parking
driving shopping working sleeping waking
advertising think of us as your angelic
task force there are those of us that
serve on your protective forces well
destroy arrangers angels carrion angels
we also watch over every baby on the
planet if you will notice all the
messages from the hierarchy are very
redundant in our message to you and that
is to learn to ask for our help this is
quite a journey from any of you because
you've been ruggedly on your own
fighting all your battles with no
apparent assist
we want you to know that there is no
there's so much we can do for you to
free up your mind and your time so that
you're free to work with us and help our
work come through try and experiment
today and let the spiritual hierarchy
and your angels do everything for you in
other words ask assistance every moment
you are doing something try it